Added documentation on new debug endpoint (#1620)
cds-snc/notification-admin: README.md

Note: Tests may break if `USE_LOCAL_JINJA_TEMPLATES` is set to `True` in your .env

> ## Using Docker-compose

Author: I removed this section as we are not supporting that docker-compose file anymore at the root. We kept it because it offers some nice utilities when running outside of a devcontainer. We could isolate the file somewhere else instead (such as in the attic?).

You need a [redis](https://redis.io/) server running to use certain parts of Notify, such as the "go live" flow. To use redis, add `REDIS_ENABLED=1` to your .env file and run the following command:

```bash
redis-server
```

## Testing

There are testing utilities available through the project.

> ### Trigger an exception on purpose

Author: This is the new doc section.

It is sometimes useful to trigger an exception for testing purposes (logger format,
multiline log behavior, etc.). To do so, you can hit the `_debug?key=DEBUG_KEY` endpoint.
The `DEBUG_KEY` should be defined in the environment's configuration, sourced at the
application' startup. When that endpoint is reached with the proper `DEBUG_KEY` secret,

> a `500` HTTP error will be generated. With the wrong secret through, a classic `404` 

Reviewer: Just correcting a typo and slightly rewording

```suggestion
a `500` HTTP error will be generated. When an incorrect or empty secret is provided, a classic '404'
```
